What did you say?
Stop alleying. I said I will go first with this Holy Son.
Isn’t it just to be a teacher? I have three hundred poems for my teacher, Wushang
I'm afraid you won't answer
I don't fall leaves
You know what it means if you want to follow the rules
But you can't be so busy
Who said I wanted to break off the engagement?
You just want to continue being a master uncle to your relatives
But do you want this?
Don’t let your family become a foster parent
This is considered an annulment
The lady will chase you to the natural promontory
Don't worry, I can't go back
They can compete if they want to, Lord of Light
The unknown general agreed
Is it okay if you disagree?
This is not your job
Play like a princess and stop talking nonsense
What's a small pen?
Since this is in Jiang Jun’s Mansion, let’s borrow it
This is a warning
Hidden Master's Hand
I don’t ask you to be able to do things well
As long as you make it
I'm on the same level as me
You are a court master
The most important thing is that I can surpass you
I dare not talk about anything but
Huazhong District Bed Bar
Still need to get back almost
Once again he knew
Not my opponent
But you still have to give the chance
let him know
The gap between him and us
That's like an antenna
Are you two done? Let's start. That's good.